Handbook: added Diagram and more info (#169)
jitsi/handbook: docs/architecture.md

* [Jitsi Broadcasting Infrastructure (jibri)](https://github.com/jitsi/jibri) - set of tools for recording and/or streaming a Jitsi Meet conference that works by launching a Chrome instance rendered in a virtual framebuffer and capturing and encoding the output with ffmpeg

External Software used by Jitsi:

* [Prosody](https://prosody.im/) - XMPP server used for signalling

## Architecture Diagram
The individual connections between the, previously described, components as well as the external integration’s are described in the figure below.

![](https://github.com/jitsi/handbook/tree/master/docs/assets/ArchitectureDiagram.png)

The external connections can be categorised into two main groups. Firstly, the connections between clients that request a video or audio connection performed through remote requests and data streams. The second category of external connections are those to external services that help store recordings, stream recordings, stream videos or help with creating meetings. 

## Code Map

**./react** - Contains the react components for web and mobile.

> **./modules** - High level logic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**./modules** - High level logic (legacy, this is being moved to react/)
```

**./lang** - Translations for many languages.

> **./css** - Css of the project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**./css** - CSS of the web part.
```

**./resources** - Resources that are used throughout the codebase.

> **./twa** Trusted Web Activities used to help with the creation of the android application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**./twa** Trusted Web Activities - alternative to the Android application used in ChomeOS.
```

## Testing

> The main form of testing code changes is done manually, for example in the beta test.

Reviewer: Our main way of testing is actually through the torture tests.

> Besides that, unit tests can be performed on the Jitsi Meet code base by using the [Jitsi Meet Torture](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-torture) project. The project contains automated Maven tests for several key functions such as peer2peer and invites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
End to end tests can be performed on the Jitsi Meet code base by using the [Jitsi Meet Torture](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-torture) project. The project contains automated Maven tests for several key functions such as peer2peer and invites.
```

title: Architecture
---

In this section a global overview of the Jitsi infrastructure is provided. If you just started contributing to the project, we highly recommend reading this section thoroughly.

## Components
Jitsi comprises a [collection of projects](https://jitsi.org/projects/):

> * [Jitsi Meet](https://jitsi.org/jitsi-meet) - WebRTC compatible JavaScript application that uses Jitsi Videobridge to provide high quality, scalable video conferences. Build upon React and React Native

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Jitsi Meet](https://jitsi.org/jitsi-meet) - WebRTC compatible JavaScript application that uses Jitsi Videobridge to provide high quality, scalable video conferences. Build upon React and React Native.
```

> * [Jitsi Videobridge (JVB)](https://jitsi.org/jitsi-videobridge) - WebRTC compatible server designed to route video streams amongst participants in a conference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Jitsi Videobridge (JVB)](https://jitsi.org/jitsi-videobridge) - WebRTC compatible server designed to route video streams amongst participants in a conference.
```

* [Jitsi Conference Focus (jicofo)](https://github.com/jitsi/jicofo) - server-side focus component used in Jitsi Meet conferences that manages media sessions and acts as load balancer between each of the participants and the videobridge. 
* [Jitsi Gateway to SIP (jigasi)](https://github.com/jitsi/jigasi) - server-side application that allows regular SIP clients to join Jitsi Meet conferences

> * [Jitsi Broadcasting Infrastructure (jibri)](https://github.com/jitsi/jibri) - set of tools for recording and/or streaming a Jitsi Meet conference that works by launching a Chrome instance rendered in a virtual framebuffer and capturing and encoding the output with ffmpeg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Jitsi Broadcasting Infrastructure (jibri)](https://github.com/jitsi/jibri) - set of tools for recording and/or streaming a Jitsi Meet conference that works by launching a Chrome instance rendered in a virtual framebuffer and capturing and encoding the output with ffmpeg.
```

**./conference.js**
This file can be found in the root of the project, and contains the foundation of any interaction between a user and a conference room. This consists of setting up a connection to it, joining the meeting room, muting and unmuting, but also functions to gather information about the participants that are in the room. 

**./lang** 
This folder contains all the different translations that are present in Jitsi Meet. The translations can be found in the code with each of the keys in the translation maps that can be found in `main-[language].json` files. 

**./css**
This folder contains all the css that is used in the project. The files (mostly .scss files[^scss]) are split up into features like the React features that they are used in.

## Testing
The main form of testing code changes is done through torture tests, next to this the code is tested manually. Manual testing is performed while doing code reviews, however there are also testing releases which can be freely downloaded and deployed, or can be used on the [beta test server](https://beta.meet.jit.si/).

> An automatic testing pipeline is not built into the Jitsi Meet repository, thus code coverage is not taken into account. However, unit tests can be performed on the Jitsi Meet code base by using the [Jitsi Meet Torture](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-torture) project. The project contains automated Maven tests for several key functions such as peer2peer and invites. The testing can be done for IOS, Android and web, which are all the platforms that Jitsi Meet can be used on. The testing is only used in some cases where it is used in combination with the continuous integration by a Jenkins instance running Maven tests. The test results can be viewed on an automatically generated web page.

Reviewer: This is not correct. We run torture tests, which are end-to-end tests on every pull request. So there is a an automatic testing pipeline setup.

Reviewer: Also, not sure if the mention of code coverage adds any value here.

Reviewer 2: > This is not correct. We run torture tests, which are end-to-end tests on every pull request. So there is a an automatic testing pipeline setup.

Hey @saghul, the torture tests are not visible in the "simple CI" which ran over our own PR's, so we assumed it is not run. Could you explain in what way the torture tests are deployed or link some reference to the testing pipeline? We will rephrase this section accordingly.

Reviewer: Sure thing. See this PR for example: https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet/pull/8954 --  There is "Simple CI" and there is "default". The latter is Jenkins. It doesn't run for non-project member PRs unless we invoke it by commenting with "Jenkins please test this please". This is for security reasons, since we are running random code on our machines. The pipeline is simple: the PR code is torture-tested against meet.jit.si.

Reviewer 2: Ahh that makes sense, thank you! I will update the text

Reviewer 2: Could you please have a look at the new text?

**./android and ./ios**
Both of these folders contain the basics of the Android and iOS app respectively. However, the code for the application itself and its components can be found in the **react/features** folder, which will be explained later in this section.

**./conference.js**
This file can be found at the root of the project, and contains the foundation of any interaction between a user and a conference room. This consists of setting up a connection to it, joining the meeting room, muting and unmuting, but also functions to gather information about the participants that are in the room.

**./lang**
This folder contains all the different translations that are present in Jitsi Meet. The translations can be found in the code with each of the keys in the translation maps that can be found in `main-[language].json` files.

**./css**
This folder contains all the css that is used in the project. The files (mostly .scss files[^scss]) are split up into features like the React features that they are used in.

## Testing
The main form of testing code changes is done through torture tests, next to this the code is tested manually.

> The torture tests are located in a separate repository, [Jitsi Meet Torture](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-torture). The project contains Maven tests for several key functions such as peer2peer and invites. The testing can be done for IOS, Android and web, which are all the platforms that Jitsi Meet can be used on. The testing is done automatically for pull requests by project members, where it is used in combination with the continuous integration by a Jenkins instance running Maven tests, testing on the [meet.jit.si](meet.jit.si) instance. Other members can run the tests locally. The test results can be viewed on an automatically generated web page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The torture tests are located in a separate repository, [Jitsi Meet Torture](https://github.com/jitsi/jitsi-meet-torture). The project contains end to end tests for several key functions such as peer to peer and invites. The testing can be done for iOS, Android and web, which are all the platforms that Jitsi Meet can be used on. The testing is done automatically for pull requests by project members, where it is used in combination with the continuous integration by a Jenkins instance running the tests, testing on the [meet.jit.si](meet.jit.si) instance. Other members can run the tests locally. The test results can be viewed on an automatically generated web page.
```
